sit back to the victorious let me know
I've been doing something that we've
never really done before in in this way
we've been eating what would generally
help the eaters we'd like to think
although we do indulgent yes we are no
not bad I mean yeah okay we like we like
our noodles and our pastas and our
pieces but that's not bad as in we like
burgers that's not to have his badness
it ok but so we decided um we were
inspired by the actions of my flatmate
Angela who's started to do the Cayenne
maple syrup lemon diet where she only
has that drink no food for like five
days and well obviously nor and I we
can't not have food like we would faint
already nor she's just been on this
healthy diet and she's lost a bit of
brain function everything is liking and
her world that she's lost her memory so
we started doing the General Motors diet
yes that's right you heard correctly
general motors as in the company because
the start was designed specifically for
them but then lots of people adopted it
and they found that it worked and
actually it has worked for us on the
fourth day but it's been so tough like
every hour I just feel like quitting I
have no willpower and I'm just and so
actually surprised I've got this far so
no what is your experience been well day
one is fruits day to its vegetables day
three is fruit and vegetables you can
see a pattern here Dave for is bananas
and milk today bananas and milk and you
can have a special soup so the coding is
the soup it's all vegetables and stuff
and that's fine hey five hey five is
chicken and tomato no no no doesn't
sound nice it isn't nice it's boiled
chicken and up
28 tomatoes no you can't make some match
no tomatoes the next day chicken and
vegetables and Dale to that brown rice
and vegetables and all the way through
you have to have at least 10 glasses of
water a day you may have tea coffee as
long as it's black coffee with no milk
or sugar in either you teaser coffees
you can also make have your vegetables
in a solid form however you can only
have one teaspoon of olive oil per day
can you imagine how boring boring
everything is and we're not being not
hungry that's all we move in full I've
been full I just been but the thing is
I've been craving I've just been
thinking about like things that I want
and they say that craving stopped by day
for well today is day four and i'm
craving so we were just about to give in
because my mother kindly made special
broccoli quiche and pasta bolognese mall
on the days of carne tip thanks on team
yeah it's just sitting there in the
kitchen if you ask for making green tea
but then we had a banana on yeah so i am
today i try to change it up a bit and i
made banana cereal which basically meant
i cut the bananas into slices and put
them in a bowl way then poured milk over
it closed my eyes and pretended it was
cereal I then made banana porridge which
resulted in mashing a banana pudding in
a little bit milk mixing it fitting in
the microwave which turned into foam and
it was disgusting and then just tried a
banana and milk I got bored and in the
end i made this awful soup which was
your soup awful it was boiled vegetables
in vegetable stock so it wasn't as awful
as eating
without the vegetable stock tomatoes
I've heard ya not can't my mom doesn't
buy canned anymore she likes the natural
way no but come tomorrow sir so good
even damiana releases I know trust
me i love them just didn't have them all
the energy to all can get them yes
walking has become a chore now but it's
good because because along with exercise
our bodies are becoming healthier and
nicer and you know i hope it's worth it
and as and we do have results I mean
they're not drastic obviously we have
noticed on our faces have become a bit
no less trouble and um and our stomachs
as well so that's always a good sign and
that is promising and that does make you
want to go on but at the same time it's
like oh but I've got over I've already
done that ok so a little bit of where I
can happen to know what we call it also
makes it very slow makes me very tired I
forget my memory Tanya it on fire I've
actually been quite like I felt light
with with this site because you just
feel really happy because initially what
it is detox so that's good and yeah I
just really wanted to talk myself see if
I can she do this for a whole week and
we'll see that we can go over maybe I'll
kind of design the diet suit me a bit
more we'll see yo girl fries and pizza
next set of brown rice possible lovely
past is available so yeah the GM diet
try it once every two months for a week
I'm the running to a summer body or a
winter body or a wedding body anything
you want try it because it is worth it i
mean the people that I've known that
done it before quit yesterday like the
equivalent of yesterday day three so I
think we're troopers or not yeah I mean
no it's not that tough it is dude what's
more doable than others
it's and I think if you don't you're
looking something that you know let's
get ready for your beach body then try
it will give you the link of the website
that has we have to be unity and
everything stay tuned before I fall
asleep